[Music]
Hello my dearest lovers of the
heart I hope you're enjoying
Tuesday I'm here looking over
the news a bit and I came across
this article that was posted this
morning at 6 our
dearest Marina Esnal you know she
's a journalist that we love in
whom we believe a lot on this channel the
mysterious disappearance of Free Gente and
Kiko Jimenez because Sálvame has
forgotten about them and reading the article a bit
I realize that it's true
the truth is that these two are
appearing less and less not just the
two of them as the article says
Sálvame is starting to focus again on the
star collaborators let's say it's not the strongest
ones the usual ones not Kiko Matamoros
Kiko Hernandez Belenes the subject is bad for
María Patiño Lydia Lozano Carmen Borrego
even Rafa Mora tells us that the
article is true it's that Kiko
Jimenez I remember had it not long ago
on Sálvame
I think it was last week because
I remember the scene from
the day that Miriam Saavedra went at the end
of the show and was talking about how to
be famous Antonio David and Marta Riesgo
and that at the club they flirted but
nothing happened but then such and I
remember I remember a moment because I think
we saw it live when
Miriam Saavedra was heading here with
Meriles and she tells me that you
love you that you loved her that you
loved her she said no she said Kiko
wiggles well I got on really well with
her a good friend of mine about Marta El
Riesgo no but it's true that
although I remember that I was there that day every
time much less but if we talk about
Miguel free people according to what he tells us here
Marín is such a follower since January 8th
we're talking decades
almost a month ago I did a few
searches on Twitter to see if anyone
posted something about him if they posted a
video of Sálvame in which he appears or
whatever and precisely I found that there
are people on Twitter also
wondering about
the free people that for  seen they
are not calling him even to pull or
for the Big Brother debates or anything
since he has been quite
missing from the networks for about half a month and that he is
quite archived
but even retweeting things from
Sálvame I do not feel like a way of
sucking up to the bosses as if to say look look it
is that I use my networks to
retweet or things to call me it is not that
I am a good worker I do not know but it
catches my attention not at the time he
earned a few more days to be able to
work but but maybe they are already kicking him out it is
not that on television
things work like that and of course being
a person in this type of content
today on television is quite
complicated it is quite complicated because there
are many and the positions that there are are
few so once that once there is
no space in a program they
have complicated things to
work in other places and so on I do not know
family that think about you of this
absence I will be reading you I send you a
huge hug and I will see you in the
next news
[Music]